https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-4572 (#4977)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/create_proxy_env.adoc

+
After you add the previous values, the settings are applied to your clusters. 

. Provision the cluster by completing the procedure for creating a cluster. See _Creating a cluster_ to select your provider.

> *Note:* After deploying your cluster, any new changes you make to `install-config` YAML do not apply. See _Managing security policies_ to learn more about making changes after deployment by using policies.

Reviewer: I did a search and find for `install-config.yaml` and there were no instances in the the governance book. From my perspective, making more changes is Day 2 operations, I would send the user to [MultiClusterHub advanced configuration](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.8_stage/install/adv_config_install.adoc)

Author: Does that link work for you @FDewaleyne?

[#resources-creating-cluster-proxy]
== Additional resources

- See xref:../cluster_lifecycle/create_intro.adoc#creating-a-cluster[Creating a cluster] to select your provider.

- See link:../governance/create_policy.adoc#managing-security-policies[Managing security policies] to learn how to make configuration changes after deploying your cluster.

> - Return to <<creating-a-cluster-proxy,Creating a cluster in a proxy environment>>.

Reviewer: I like how you are sending the user back to the top of the page. I would also tell the user to reference the [Cluster lifecycle introduction](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.8_stage/clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cluster_lifecycle_intro.adoc) for more topics.

+
After you add the previous values, the settings are applied to your clusters. 

. Provision the cluster by completing the procedure for creating a cluster. See _Creating a cluster_ to select your provider.

> *Note:* After deploying your cluster, any new changes you make to `install-config` YAML do not apply. See _MultiClusterHub advanced configuration_ to learn more about making changes after deployment by using policies.

Reviewer: After rereading the issue, we should maybe point the user to the [Supported policies file](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.8_stage/governance/supported_policies.adoc), where we describe that user can use pod policies for cluster workload configuration. Alternatively, we can point them directly to the [Pod policy doc](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.8_stage/governance/pod_policy.adoc) 

```suggestion
*Note:* After deploying your cluster, any new changes you make to `install-config` YAML do not apply. Update the cluster workload configuration after deployment by using policies. See _Pod policy_ for more information.
```

Author: Thoughts @FDewaleyne?

Reviewer 2: it looks good, maybe a little rephrasing to "To update the configuration post deployment, you will need to use policies. See _Pod policy_ for more information"

Author: Updated, sounds like we are good on the pod policy link.

> *Note:* You can only use `install-config` YAML when deploying your cluster. After deploying your cluster, any new changes you make to `install-config` YAML do not apply. To update the configuration after deployment, you must policies. See _Pod policy_ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* After deploying your cluster, any new changes you make to `install-config` YAML do not apply. To update the configuration after deployment, you must use policies. See _Pod policy_ for more information.
```
